#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 479
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
customHeadersFooters
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Center Header
CONFIDENTIAL - Do not distribute without written approval
\end_layout

\begin_layout Right Header

\end_layout

\begin_layout Left Header

\end_layout

\begin_layout Title
Anemomind solution description
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Julien Pilet and Jonas Östlund
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
System Overview
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
thispagestyle{fancy}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Data Aquisition and Transfer
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Data Processing
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Recorded sensor data for a particular boat from any number of races is stored
 as NMEA sentences as text files.
 The first step in the processing amounts to load this data for a boat and
 group measurements into tuples.
 We call such a tuple a nav.
 A nav groups a time stamp together with sensor values at that time stamp.
 Once all navs have been loaded, they are sorted in ascending order by their
 time stamp.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Semantic segmentation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Given a discrete set of 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

$M$ 
\end_layout

\end_inset

labels, the semantic segmentation assigns a label from the set to every
 nav in a sequence of navs sorted by their time stamp.
 For instance, a set of such labels could be {Downwind, Upwind} to denote
 if the boat, for a particular nav, is sailing upwind or downwind.
 The set of labels together with the rule to assign those labels to each
 nav in a sequence is called a grammar.
 The assignment of labels to navs in a sequence is the solution of an optimizati
on problem where an objective function 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

$f: {1, 
\backslash
ldots, M}^N 
\backslash
rightarrow R$
\end_layout

\end_inset

 is minimized w.r.t.
 to an index vector.
 Each 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Calibration
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Target speed extraction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Data compilation for fast visualization
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Real-time Data Processing and Visualization
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Post-Navigation Data Visualization
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
